frontend/components/OurEthics.md, before:

# Our Ethics

There is only one thing we care about: users. Everything we do must be in service of our non-malicious users. We believe any other underlying goal falls short of bringing about the most overall good to everyone. **If that ever changes, please stop using File Garden.** File Garden should face consequences if it's ever taken in the wrong direction. Publishing an ethics statement like this helps all of you hold us accountable, discouraging us from making bad decisions in the future.

Here are some examples of policies which follow from that goal.

## Sustainability Over Profit

Our users see File Garden as a useful tool, and it should stay that way. Profit is nice, but putting profit first is at odds with usefulness, leading to <A href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dark_pattern" target="_blank">dark patterns</A>. We only need profit to remain sustainable, so that this tool can keep being as useful as possible for as long as possible, and permalinks can keep being permanent.

## Never Publicly Traded

Businesses that go public are effectively forced to prioritize value to investors over all else, and investors are very often out of touch with what makes users happy. We want our users to drive our business, not investors.

## Minimal Trust Required

All of our code is free and <A href="https://github.com/filegarden/website" target="_blank">open-source</A>, allowing users to verify every detail of File Garden's functionality, both frontend and backend. We use a copyleft license to require the same of anyone who copies our code as well.

## Encouraging Competition

Competition incentivizes us to improve File Garden for our users, which is our top priority. If a competitor is drawing users away from us, it's better for everyone that we improve File Garden to draw more users back, not make it harder for users to leave or for competitors to succeed.

## Open to Feedback

If you don't like something about File Garden, or you have ideas for improvements, we want to hear it! Please chat with us on <A href="/discord" target="_blank">Discord</A>.

Commit message:

Improve description of encouraging competition

frontend/components/OurEthics.md, after:

# Our Ethics

There is only one thing we care about: users. Everything we do must be in service of our non-malicious users. We believe any other underlying goal falls short of bringing about the most overall good to everyone. **If that ever changes, please stop using File Garden.** File Garden should face consequences if it's ever taken in the wrong direction. Publishing an ethics statement like this helps all of you hold us accountable, discouraging us from making bad decisions in the future.

Here are some examples of policies which follow from that goal.

## Sustainability Over Profit

Our users see File Garden as a useful tool, and it should stay that way. Profit is nice, but putting profit first is at odds with usefulness, leading to <A href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dark_pattern" target="_blank">dark patterns</A>. We only need profit to remain sustainable, so that this tool can keep being as useful as possible for as long as possible, and permalinks can keep being permanent.

## Never Publicly Traded

Businesses that go public are effectively forced to prioritize value to investors over all else, and investors are very often out of touch with what makes users happy. We want our users to drive our business, not investors.

## Minimal Trust Required

All of our code is free and <A href="https://github.com/filegarden/website" target="_blank">open-source</A>, allowing users to verify every detail of File Garden's functionality, both frontend and backend. We use a copyleft license to require the same of anyone who copies our code as well.

## Encouraging Competition

Monopolies and <A href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Closed_platform" target="_blank">walled gardens</A> (no pun intended) hamper innovation and restrict user freedom. Competitors incentivize each other to improve, making everything better and better for the broader ecosystem over time. This ultimately makes our users happier.

## Open to Feedback

If you don't like something about File Garden, or you have ideas for improvements, we want to hear it! Please chat with us on <A href="/discord" target="_blank">Discord</A>.
